# A Survey of Natural Language Interfaces for Data Visualization
This repository provides supplementary materials for our paper titled **A Survey of Natural Language Interfaces for Data Visualization**. 

Utilizing Visualization-oriented Natural Language Interfaces (V-NLIs) as a complementary input modality to direct manipulation for visual analytics can provide an engaging user experience. It allows users to only focus on the questions about data, rather than how to operate the interface to visualization tools. However, designing practical V-NLIs is a challenging task due to the complex and ambiguous nature of human language, the difficulty of maintaining context in conversational flow, the hardness to tell fascinating data stories, and lack of discoverability. In the past two decades, leveraging advanced natural language processing technologies, various V-NLIs have been developed both within academic research and commercial software, especially in recent years. In our paper, we conducted a comprehensive review of the existing V-NLIs. Based on the field challenge type they deal with, we sorted out related works and analyzed their characteristics. In addition, we designed a set of test cases for V-NLIs and evaluated four state-of-the-art systems to examine whether we are ready to ask our data freely, along with discovering problems not found yet. Finally, we shed light on several promising directions for future work in the community.

The materials include:

|                          | Description                                                                                                                   | File                                    |
|--------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------|
| Dataset                  | Dataset for evluating existing V-NLIs.                                                                                        | ```./Dataset/*.csv```                   |
| Test cases and results   | Test cases and judged evaluation results.                                                                                     | ```./Test_cases_and_results.xlsx```     |
| Evaluation_visualization | Visualizations generated in the evaluation, files are named as task_system_query type.png such as Cluster_NL4DV_specific.png. | ```./Evaluation vis/*.png``` |
